[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What's happening
in Mexico's skies?
Why is it that in
the last 15 years,
unidentified flying objects
have flown through the skies
with a frequency that seems
to be steadily increasing?
The number of witnesses
is multiplying, too,
and thanks to technology, so
is the number of amateur films.
The media have documented
these incredible episodes,
and many people
are now wondering
what's happening in Mexico.
The most organized
of them are a group
of researchers who have begun
an unprecedented project
in the history of
modern ufology,
systematically studying
and monitoring the sky.
Everything is filmed, recorded,
and scientifically documented.
The team's name
is the Vigilantes,
and their work has produced
an incredible number
of photographs,
testimonies, and films
which are analyzed
very carefully.
The amount of material
is so impressive
that it led the researchers
to think of Mexico
as a true contact point.
It all began with a
total solar eclipse
that took place in Mexico
on the 11th of July, 1991,
coinciding with an
ancient Mayan prophecy.
The prophecy foretold that
such an eclipse in Mexico
would mark the beginning
of humanity's encounter
with the Lords of the Stars.
It was all written in
the Dresden Codex, one
of the few documents
that escaped the wrath
of the Spanish Conquistadors.
But let's get back
to the eclipse.
On the 11th of July, 1991,
millions of people and hundreds
of video cameras followed this
spectacular astronomical event.
Initially nobody
seemed to notice
the presence of an
anomalous aircraft hovering
in the sky over Mexico City.
But when reviewing
the footage later,
many people noted
at the intruder.
It seemed to be made of metal
that reflected the sunlight,
and it was shaped like
a classic flying saucer.
The sighting created
quite a stir,
and even the TV media
became involved,
especially researcher and
journalist Jaime Maussan.
In the days following the
eclipse, the staff of Televisa,
one of Mexico's largest
private TV networks,
was flooded with videos of
the mysterious aircraft.
The public's curiosity grew.
What exactly was the object
filmed during the eclipse?
Where did it come from?
Could it possibly
be a confirmation
of the mysterious
Mayan prophecy?
Demetrio Feria, one of the
first members of the Vigilantes,
remembers that day well.
>> My experience began in
June of 1991 before the great
eclipse that took place in
Mexico on the 11th of July
of that year.
That was when I
decided to film them.
I already had a
video camera and I
wanted to know whether
the phenomenon was
real or just a bunch of lies,
special effects or something
like that.
And luckily I managed
to capture them on film.
I devoted quite a bit of time to
them between June and November,
and I began filming them
one dawn in November
5:00 in the morning.
>> Ruben Villatoro also
remembers eclipse well.
That was the moment he
decided to become a vigilante.
>> After the total solar eclipse
on the 11th of July, 1991,
Jaime Maussan went on television
and said that at the time
of the eclipse, there were
people who had filmed the UFOs
with their video cameras.
I decided that it was important
to follow their example.
I bought a video camera,
and over the years
I've filmed several objects
flying over Mexico City.
>> The event during the
eclipse seemed to have opened
a Pandora's box
of UFO sightings.
Thus Mexico saw the
beginning of one
of the most intense waves
of sightings in history.
Without a doubt, the
remarkable availability
of cameras and video cameras
improved the potential
for sightings.
But the number of
sightings only began
to grow exponentially
after the eclipse
of the 11th of July, 1991.
Footage from Mexico
traveled around the world,
amazing those who saw the
videos and bringing much joy
to scholars who had never had
so much material to analyze.
Of all the investigators, Jaime
Maussan is the most responsible
for having researched
and disseminated
the large quantity of video
footage captured in Mexico
by those occasional witnesses
and by the Vigilantes.
The idea to start this
group was also his.
>> The Vigilantes
group was Jaime's idea.
He was the one to
form the group.
And when I arrived, it
was already in existence.
The group still exists.
Its members are few, but
those who have stayed
are at the forefront
of this research.
>> Today Jaime Maussan
directs and coordinates
the Vigilantes' work alongside
researcher Pedro Avila.
His videos of unidentified
flying objects
have circulated
around the world,
generating a great
deal of interest.
For over 15 years,
Pedro has lived
the life of a near
recluse in his small room
to a debilitating illness
that has practically
immobilized him.
Despite this, Pedro Avila
has made some very important
contributions to international
ufological research
from within his small world.
A small window
and a piece of sky
are his only contact with
the outside world, which
he observes carefully from
the first hours of the day
well into the night.
He's a full time Vigilante, and
without a shadow of a doubt,
he's one of the best.
>> A lot of people ask me, or
wonder why most of my videos
were filmed from
this little window.
Well, there are two reasons.
First of all, I have a little
window no more than 1.8 meters
in length and one
meter in height,
and my visual angle
is quite limited.
Therefore it's a
bit difficult for me
to make out these objects,
and in this little space,
I've managed to record
everything that I've
filmed to the present.
The second reason is
that some time ago, I
was diagnosed with
an illness known
as progressive muscular
dystrophy, which obviously
gets worse with time.
And now I can't leave the
house like I used to be.
In the past I used
to film these videos
from the garden or the garage.
But when my health
grew delicate,
I was forced to stay in my room.
I imagined I thought that this
would limit my ability to film
videos since I didn't have
the same extent of sky
that I could see
from the garden.
However, I was greatly surprised
because I realized that
from here, from
this little window,
I've recorded the best
videos I've ever shot.
>> Pedro is a true example
of extraordinary passion
and willpower.
Armed with his camera, video
camera, and binoculars,
he has captured some of the best
footage of unidentified flying
objects ever filmed.
His collection includes
some light spheres
and the famous flotillas.
One of the most important
videos of spheres
was recorded in Mexico in 2002.
The images clearly showed two
spheres revolving in the sky.
Ordinarily the spheres
appear to be shiny and white.
But in this film, the
spheres' metal form
is clearer than ever before.
This footage confirms statements
made by many other witnesses
who claim to have seen similar
spheres fly through the sky
and suddenly change state,
going from luminous to metallic.
In addition to
flotillas and spheres,
Pedro has also filmed
some unconventional
flying objects of a totally
unexplained appearance.
>> I once filmed six dark
objects that looked like
watermelons seeds, like
little black seeds.
These six objects formed a
shape in the sky very much
like a flower with six petals.
The strange thing is
that when we zoom in,
when we analyze
the video, when we
add filters and all the rest, we
can't seem to find a structure.
In other words, the objects
are moving rhythmically
with an amazing
synchronicity, and always
keeping the same position as
if they were a flower spinning,
going up and down but always
keeping the same distance
despite there being no
structure between the objects.
>> Avila's video is the first to
show an object of such a shape
flying in broad daylight.
Pedro Avila has filmed
objects demonstrating
incredible abilities that have
never before been documented.
Thanks to his commitment and
an original filming technique,
he has produced
results showing that
the mysterious
unidentified flying
objects may have features
we don't yet know about,
which are of
extraordinary interest.
>> One of the videos I consider
the most important involves
objects that are invisible to
the naked eye and which can
only be captured by
using infrared vision.
To do this, I developed
a special technique
using two video cameras.
One films in the usual
spectrum and the other films
in the infrared spectrum.
To use them both, I made a
special rigging and placed one
camera atop the
other, training them
on the same point, that is,
the same focal distance,
the same level of zoom.
I framed the images so that
they show the exact same things.
Therefore what the
normal camera sees
is also what the
infrared camera sees.
This is very important
because it demonstrates
that there are objects
moving in the sky that
are invisible to the
human eye, and we
can't perceive their presence.
>> The large number of videos
that the Vigilantes have
recorded shows that craft are
flying through our skies with
characteristics and flight
dynamics that differ from
conventional features of
airplanes or helicopters.
And that's not all.
These videos demonstrate that
systematic and continuous
observation of the
sky can provide
interesting documentation
quite different
from accidental amateur footage,
which tends to raise doubts.
It's no coincidence
that the Vigilantes
have respectable
professional backgrounds.
>> One of the things that
drove me to become a Vigilante
of the sky was my work as
a professional architecture
photographer.
In particular,
what was important
was that it led me to
take good pictures.
And as a professional
photographer,
my knowledge of light and
shadow makes a difference.
It's a very important
factor to be
able to see the object
knowing what time of day
the light helps us, when
the sun literally brings out
the objects.
>> Spheres and flotillas also
make frequent appearances
in the videos by
Arturo Robles Gil,
and they are truly spectacular.
Where could these mysterious
objects have come from?
Some people believe
they have captured
the answer in a photograph.
During the great wave of
sightings in the 1990s,
phenomena were cited that
amazed both direct witnesses
and researchers.
Video cameras captured
flying objects
capable of releasing an
incredible number of spheres,
given rise to the
flotilla a phenomenon.
At first, the classic
luminous spherical objects
were the ones to
show this trait.
Later, but still in Mexico,
enormous tubular structures
were cited and filmed.
Further light spheres came out
of these irregularly shaped
structures.
This new chapter
added new questions
and mysterious elements
to the world of ufology.
Even ufology experts can't
explain these images.
The objects are christened
gusanos voladores
or flying worms, because
of their appearance.
They raised many questions.
Where do they come from?
What technology do they use?
How can these structures
appear that hover in the sky
without any known
flight mechanism?
How can they contain and
expel the number of spheres
that are being filmed?
A major step has
been taken, thanks,
once again, to one
of the Vigilantes,
engineer Arturo Robles Gil.
>> That morning I went
out onto the terrace,
although it was very cloudy,
to check the weather conditions
because that night there was
going to be a lunar eclipse,
which is very important from
a photographic point of view.
At the time, in 2004, there
were a number of people
here repairing the building,
and we all witnessed it.
But I was the only one who
looked up to the zenith.
I don't even know why
I did it, as I usually
made general
observations all around.
But on that day,
I remember that I
turned my head completely
upward and I saw
an object I couldn't identify.
I saw a structure.
At first sight it looked like
a mass, white and enormous.
To give you an idea of how
large it, was like two jets
put together.
It was huge.
At the time I was
already interested
in phenomena
discovered in the sky.
I had my video camera
and tripod in hand,
and I began to film the object.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Moving closer with
my video camera,
I realized that the
structure was moving,
that it wasn't simply floating.
It was twisting, writhing.
It contracted and expanded.
And when I saw that it was
beginning to expel spheres,
it was clear to me that
something absolutely incredible
was happening.
So I asked myself,
what else can I do?
I thought that photographs could
be a tremendously important
support, and so I took some.
I remember that I took
about 24 photographs.
>> The high definition
images that Gil obtained mark
an important breakthrough in
the study of these spectacular
unidentified structures.
>> When I downloaded the
photos to my computer,
I realized that the structure
appeared to be formed
by thousands, or hundreds
of thousands, of segments.
It also had colored
outer spheres.
I'll be honest,
at first I thought
it might be a spectacular
bunch of balloons.
I talked about it
with Jaime Maussan.
I went to his
office, and as soon
as he saw what I had filmed,
without having the slightest
idea what it was,
he said, Arturo,
what you've captured here
is absolutely spectacular.
There were those
who were skeptical,
whose unfounded argument was
that they could be balloons.
So Jaime Maussan immediately
phoned a very well-known
performer here in Mexico
City who uses the largest
balloons in production.
When he arrived at the
office and saw the images,
he said, these aren't balloons.
And even if they were
balloons, a structure like this
would require at least 57,000
balloons, possibly more.
How could you possibly create a
structure with 57,000 balloons
without any gas escapes?
And how could you
let it fly upwards?
Furthermore, you'd
need a special permit
because a structure of
that size needs a permit
to fly, especially because
in that particular area,
it was very close to flight
paths used by airplanes to turn
into the airport.
To me, that was a breakthrough.
The Mother Ebani, as I
call it, the mother ship.
>> The acronym EBANI stands in
Spanish for unidentified aerial
biological entity.
And since Gil photographed
them in high definition,
sightings of EBANIs have
been increasingly frequent.
>> The movements of these
objects seems to be organic.
They remind us of
a living being.
Maybe this is how they
maintain stability in the sky.
We call them Unidentified Aerial
Biological Entities or EBANI.
And this biological aspect
is the most important thing.
They appear to be alive.
I don't know if they are not.
But that's the sense you get
when you see them on film.
We do know that when
we see an EBANI,
we see spheres
afterwards, which may show
that there's some connection.
>> These features become even
more evident to the videos made
by Arturo Robles Gil since then.
The forms and behavior of
these anomalous entities
seem to be writing the most
incredible chapter in the study
of unidentified flying objects.
>> An EBANI is a tubular-type
entity that is also elastic.
It is capable of twisting
and writhing movements.
It can move vertically
and horizontally.
It doesn't need engines to fly.
It doesn't make any noise.
And it doesn't leave a wake.
The EBANIs appear to have a
specific activity expelling
countless spheres
into the atmosphere.
On some occasions,
they have moved
from the place where they
ordinarily appear and come
towards this area.
It's as if they
wanted to be seen,
to be observed with
greater precision.
Thanks to my work
as a photographer,
this has enabled
me to create videos
that I believe are
without precedent, even
on an international level.
>> The videos made by the
Vigilantes are just a small
part of the large amount of
footage showing the continuous
activity of unidentified
flying objects in the skies
of our planet.
The two most common
questions are always the same
no matter where the
phenomena are cited.
What are those
objects in the sky?
And should we be afraid of them?
Giorgio Bongiovanni is one of
the Italian scholars following
the wave of sightings
in Mexico very closely.
>> The claims of ordinary
citizens, military personnel,
astronauts, and scientists,
and the analyses performed
on a remarkable amount
of photographic and video
materials, including the
testimony of contactees whose
experience has been proven to
be real after several years,
they all show that it's likely
we're being visited by beings
from space.
They have passive and
aggressive visits,
more concentrated
in Latin America
and in Mexico than in
other parts of the world.
But they occur all
over the planet.
This is happening in a
period in which humanity
is going through a difficult
moment in its evolution.
I believe that if
clear direct, contact
were to occur with
these civilizations,
it would lead to a truly
profound Copernican revolution
for us.
I think that humanity could
solve the serious problems
in terms of social,
political, economic,
and environmental justice
which are causing us
to risk self-destruction.
It would definitely
be a new impulse
for science and religion.
It would bring about
the end of the dogmatism
and dangerous fanaticism at the
basis of many of today's wars.
I can only hope that this event
will occur as soon as possible.
>> In fact, over many
years of sightings,
the UFO phenomenon has never
been accompanied by any signs
of aggression.
One thing is certain.
Mexico seems to play a
central role in this saga that
borders on science fiction.
And the reason why
is still a mystery.
Perhaps the only clue is
an ancient Mayan prophecy
that tells of an encounter
with the Men of the Stars,
an encounter that would
have begun in 1991
and may end in the year 2012.
The appearance of unidentified
aerial biological entities,
or EBANI, is one of the most
surprising breakthroughs
in the history of
unidentified flying objects.
The term EBANI stands for
Unidentified Aerial Biological
Entity in Spanish, and it was
coined by Mexican researcher
and journalist Jaime Maussan.
One of these entities was
captured in a video and photos
by Arturo Arturo Robles
Gil on the morning
of the 27th of October, 2004.
In Gil's opinion,
this particular entity
constitutes a true
breakthrough in UFO apparitions
and a new, enigmatic
puzzle for scholars.
Until that fateful
morning, very little
was known about
these structures,
in part due to the rarity
of available videos
and the fact that the images
didn't have enough definition
to be interpreted.
The video, and in particular,
the extraordinary photos
that Arturo Robles Gil
managed to take home
the 22nd of October,
2004 clearly show
that the EBANI is a
structure formed by thousands
of clustered spheres, a sort of
aircraft carrier, the function
of which seems to be
to transport and expel
these spheres into
our atmosphere.
The reason why this should
happen is completely unknown.
It's a phenomenon that's
difficult to catalog
and explain, even for
mainstream science.
because
>> Scientists have only been
able to provide one answer
so far.
We're looking at an
anomalous phenomenon
that is classified in neither
micro nor macro biology.
>> From an observation of
the photos taken by Gil,
we can clearly see the structure
is formed of translucent
spheres in three different
colors, red, white, and blue.
Until that moment,
only one video
had shown a transparent
sphere in flight.
It, too, had been
recorded in Mexico
by Javier Guevara in 2002.
At the time, however, the origin
of this new kind of sphere
was unknown.
The sphere's
trajectory is linear
and its speed is
fairly sustained,
indicating that it has
its own propulsion system.
But the nature of the system
that enables such an object
to fly remains a mystery.
Its transparency and the lack
of any visible technological
apparatus cannot be compared
to any known or imaginable
technology.
After the video of the
27th of October, 2004,
Gil identified and recorded the
flight of other similar spheres
on film and in photographs.
This transparent
sphere was photographed
at low altitude in 2005.
Gil recorded this
video while he attended
a Mayan ceremony in the
area called Cerro de la
Estrella, or Star Mountain.
This site, in the federal
district of the City of Mexico,
is believed to be
magical and sacred,
and many UFOs have
been sighted here.
>> As soon as we arrived, my
sister-in-law noticed a large
translucent object,
and I began to film it.
We were all quite surprised that
it could happen in that place.
But Gil came upon his
most spectacular scoop
on the 28th of January, 2005.
His video shows an
entire flotilla composed
of these iridescent spheres.
The spheres dance elegantly in
the sky, quite unlike anything
that had been filmed
up to that time.
In the pictures, we can
clearly see the various colors
of the shining spheres.
The colors are even
clearer than in the video.
The images clearly
show the same kind
of spheres that made up
the EBANI photographed
on the 27th of October, 2004.
Thus, according
to Gil, this video
may confirm that the mysterious
aerial biological entities
would continue to
deposit spheres
into the skies over Mexico City.
But the phenomenon has further
surprises in store for us.
>> After the enormous
entity was cited in 2004,
others began to appear.
But they weren't the same.
They didn't look
like the first one
although they showed the
same type of behavior
during the flight.
Once I had sighted
these entities,
I began to realize that
they weren't just white
and there wasn't just
one type of EBANI,
but other types of
different colors,
with different designs
on their surface,
and with a different
way of moving.
The photos taken by Arturo
Robles Gil on the 14th of May,
2006 are a clear example
of the variety of EBANIs.
These EBANI are brightly
colored and have
a helical, tubular
structure which
is completely different
from the cluster of spheres
spotted in October, 2004.
>> So why helical?
Because a helical structure
with the same diameter
obviously has a larger
storage capacity
for the spheres inside it.
It can contain hundreds of
spheres, which they then
expel into our atmosphere.
>> When looking at this
new photographic material,
many skeptics think that these
are only colorful balloons.
>> I can understand the
skepticism about the colored
EBANI, the people who think
that they are structures made
of balloons.
Luckily I'm never
satisfied with just using
video cameras to film them.
Seen in technical
terms, video cameras
have a resolution of 640
by 780 pixels, and at best,
will get a resolution
of 520 lines.
That's why I also
take photographs.
Photos go deeper because they
allow us to see more detail.
And photos have demonstrated
in an unequivocal way
that these are not
structures made of balloons.
Skeptics have tried to
discredit this phenomena,
but their claim that these
are garlands of balloons
is completely unfounded.
They don't have a single
high resolution photograph.
They don't have photos
taken with high sensitivity
apochromatic lenses.
Their claims are based solely on
the color of these structures.
>> But Robles Gil isn't the only
one to have filled the EBANI.
The phenomenon began to
spread, and these entities
were sighted and
filmed by others, too,
both in Mexico and in
other parts of the world.
This black EBANI, filmed in
the skies over Los Angeles,
is of remarkable interest.
On one of its ends we can
clearly see a blinking light.
The mystery surrounding
that true nature
thus gains a new element
which has been unknown
up to this time.
Once again, Gil amazes
us with his material.
On the 18th of March, 2007,
he recorded in new video
and experienced an
unprecedented event.
In his video, we get
a real impression
that the EBANI is
a live creature.
>> On the 18th of March, an
EBANI was moving towards us,
flying low.
I filmed the object
passing over my head.
I was able to film it
with truly amazing detail.
This terrace has two levels,
and we're on the lower part.
I climbed to the
top part because it
was going towards the
Jalisco area, southwards.
And by then I was satisfied with
the close-up images I had got.
So I went up without
my video camera,
and I realize now
that it was a mistake
not to have brought it with me.
Once the EBANI arrived, making
its usual twisting movements,
it suddenly stopped,
straightened itself,
and flew off at an astonishing
speed towards the Santa Fe
area, arriving there
in just a few seconds.
From that moment,
it was clear to me
that this wasn't just
some kind of flying snake,
but a real aircraft capable
of traveling and moving
at incredible
speeds, much faster
than any commercial
or military aircraft.
Arturo Robles Gil's story seems
to confirm that the EBANIs
cannot be a mass formed
of mere balloons.
The images show autonomous
flight mechanism,
an unexplainable
propulsion system,
as unexplainable as the
system that expels its spheres
into the atmosphere.
In the video of the
1st of July, 2007,
too, we get a remarkable
sense of the biological nature
of the EBANIs.
The entity moves in
a continuous fashion,
and the video clearly shows
its helical structure.
The biological entities also
seems to appear in groups.
In 2005, Jesus
Lobeli had already
filmed three entities together.
Later, Gil also recorded
videos and took photos
showing multiple
biological entities.
But the most striking material,
showing an entire flotilla
of EBANIs, was recorded
by Miguel and Gil Chavez
in Mexico City.
In the videos recorded
on the 22nd and 23rd
of September, 2007,
we can clearly
see EBANIs of various
colors hovering in the sky,
but moving in their
characteristic way.
The aerial biological
entities seem
to be connected to the
presence of spheres
in the skies over our
planet, and their activity
it also seems to have
increased over the course
of recent years.
Alone, in pairs, or in
flotillas of varying number,
they are being increasingly
captured on film.
However, they've only been
seen in their metallic form
a few times, as in this video
recorded by Arturo Robles Gil.
At the same time,
videos of flotillas
formed of metal spheres
are rarer than those
formed of light spheres.
In Flavio Alcantara's video, we
see a dark EBANI, and nearby,
a similarly dark flying sphere.
The connection between
EBANI and spheres
has really been revealed so
clearly as in the sighting
by Arturo Robles Gil of
the 27th of October, 2004.
But there are other images in
which the two phenomena appear
together.
In the first video,
we see the EBANI
looking like it's closed in on
itself, moving independently
of the spheres surrounding it.
In this case, too, this
autonomous movement
confirms that these are
not balls or balloons.
In the second film,
we can clearly
see the EBANI twist
and change form
while a remarkable number of
white spheres move around it.
We can make out spheres
which are less visible,
which give a better
perception of the flotilla's
depth in the sky.
This elegant and
majestic entity has now
been flying over our cities
with increasing frequency.
Just a few meters seems
to separate humanity
from an extraordinary and
unexplainable phenomenon.
>> The phenomenon of
the flying objects,
incorrectly termed UFOs, exists.
It's real.
I can confirm this based on
the amount of evidence we have
and the proof I've seen.
Not just my evidence,
but also the evidence
produced by my colleagues
and others outside Mexico.
We receive material
from all over Mexico.
And luckily, I get
direct access to it.
I'm the one who examines
and selects the material.
The UFO phenomenon in both
Mexico and throughout the world
is real.
It exists.
>> Demetrio Feria's statements
are supported by the incredible
number of videos he has
recorded up to the present,
and by the incredible
technological abilities that
the flying objects
seem to possess.
>> So far I've been able
to record about 400 videos
in the 16 years I've been
studying this phenomenon.
Of the videos I've made, the
one that stood out the most
is the one of a sphere
that I filmed from my house
with an infrared lens.
It's a little sphere
which couldn't
be seen with the naked
eye, but it was in the sky.
These objects are in the air.
They live with us.
The sphere comes down and slows
down until it almost stops.
Then it flies off at
an incredible speed.
On several occasions I've been
able to film objects flying
at a phenomenal speed.
I have many such videos.
Their speed amazes me.
>> On the 5th of November, 2006,
Demetrio Feria used an infrared
lens applied to his video
camera to film, once again,
a sphere darting around
at very high speed.
Can the remarkable movements
of the sphere filmed
by the Vigilantes be
called accidental?
Its speed, the angle
at which it flies,
its ability to make itself
invisible and then visible,
which is only discernible
through the use
of infrared lenses,
puts these craft
beyond our current technical
and scientific knowledge.
The extraordinary claims
thus far presented
seem to suggest that the
UFO phenomenon could truly
be the part of intelligent
beings seeking contact.
Some people think of the words
of an ancient Mayan prophecy
that pointed to our time as
the period in which humanity
was to encounter the
Lord from the Stars.
And according to some, the video
of seven light spheres forming
a perfect cross,
recorded by Steve
Burns on the 15th
of August, 2005,
in the skies above Florida may
be a message to be deciphered.
>> The video of the cross was
recorded in St. Petersburg,
Florida on Sunday,
the 14th of August.
We know that Mr.
Steve Burns filmed it.
We have analyzed the
video and verified
that it isn't
computer generated,
and thus it's a truly
exceptional document.
The video was made 15
days before the arrival
of Hurricane Katrina.
It appears to
announce the beginning
of a final process
that could come
to an end in the next few years.
We're seeing great
changes on Earth,
such as changes in climate.
We're facing seriously
dangerous situations.
Global warming and continually
increasing solar activity
are factors that could
cause huge changes
in the next few years.
I think it's a kind of
warning, an indication of what
might come to pass.
That's why I see this as a
very important sign, a very
important video.
>> There are those who are
anxiously waiting for the year
2012, the moment of change
that the Maya had predicted
centuries ago.
It could represent the
beginning of a new era of peace
for humanity.
>> I'd say that the
signs are there,
and this massive contact between
man and extraterrestrials will
be the sign of a new era.
To be precise, and I also want
to say that in my opinion,
this presence is peaceful.
There's no invasion.
There will be no wars between
man and extraterrestrials
because these
civilizations are obviously
much more advanced than
us, both scientifically
and technologically.
But this goes hand-in-hand with
ethical and spiritual progress.
Therefore, any contact
will be peaceful.
>> Could the extraordinary
flying objects shown in these
videos be a sign that
there is a coming visit?
Will there really be direct
contact in the future?
These questions are
still unanswered.
But each day it
seems we come closer
to understanding
the enigma of UFOs,
one of the most fascinating
mysteries of our time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]